  <li><b>Artificial Intelligence (AI)</b> is a broad field that encompasses a variety of techniques and approaches for creating intelligent systems that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as understanding natural language, recognizing speech, and making decisions.</li>
  <li><b>Machine Learning (ML)</b> is a subset of AI that involves the development of algorithms and statistical models that enable systems to improve their performance over time by learning from data. Machine learning algorithms can be categorized into three main categories: supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and reinforcement learning.</li>
 <li><b>Deep Learning (DL)</b> is a subset of ML that involves the use of neural networks, a type of model inspired by the structure and function of the human brain, to learn from data. Deep learning techniques are particularly well-suited for tasks such as image and speech recognition, and are often used in natural language processing and computer vision applications.</li>
 <li><b> Intelligent Agents </b>are autonomous entities that use sensors to know what is going on, and then use actuators to perform their tasks or goals. They can be simple or complex and can be programmed to learn to accomplish their jobs better. </li>
 <li><b>Tensorflow</b> is an open-source software library initially developed by the Google Brain Team for use in machine learning and neural networks research. It is used for data-flow programming. TensorFlow makes it much easier to build certain AI features into applications, including natural language processing and speech recognition. </li>

 <li><b>Neural Networks</b> are a class of machine learning algorithms. The neuron part of the neural is the computational component, and the network part is how the neurons are connected. Neural networks pass data among themselves, gathering more and more meaning as the data moves along. Because the networks are interconnected, more complex data can be processed more efficiently.</li>
 <li><b>Deep learning</b> is a subset of machine learning. It refers to using multi-layered neural networks to process data in increasingly sophisticated ways, enabling the software to train itself to perform tasks like speech and image recognition through exposure to these vast amounts of data for continual improvement in the ability to recognize and process information. Layers of neural networks stacked on top of each for use in deep learning are called deep neural networks.</li>
 <li><b>Supervised learning</b>  is a machine learning process in which outputs are fed back into a computer for the software to learn from, for more accurate results the next time. With supervised learning, the “machine” receives initial training to start </li>
 <li><b>unsupervised learning</b> means a computer will learn without initial training to base its knowledge</li>
 <li><b>Strong AI</b> - The goal of strong artificial intelligence is to create actual intelligence artificially, which refers to an intellect created by humans that possesses feelings, consciousness, and emotions comparable to those of humans. The idea of creating AI entities with perceiving, analyzing, and decision-making skills comparable to those of humans is still only an assumption at this point.</li>
  <li><b>Weak AI - </b>The present phase of artificial intelligence research is known as "weak AI," and it is concerned with the construction of expert systems and robots that can assist people and solve challenging real-world issues. Weak artificial intelligence systems like Alexa and Siri are examples.</li>
 <li><b>Reward Maximization - </b></li>Reinforcement learning uses the phrase "reward maximization" to describe the purpose of the agent, which is to maximize rewards. Real-world rewards are positive feedback for doing an action that results in a change in a state. A reward is given to the agent if he uses optimum policies to complete a good deed, and a reward is deducted if he fails to do so. Rewards are maximized by using the best rules possible, which is known as reward maximization.
  <li><b>Simple Reflex Agents </b>Simple reflex agents behave only in response to the present circumstance without taking into account the previous record of the surroundings or the ways in which the ecosystem has interacted with it.</li>
 <li><b> Simulation-Based Reflex Agents </b>These models form their perceptions of the environment based on the models that have been established. This model also maintains track of the internal circumstances, which may be altered based on the changes that are done to the surrounding environment.</li>
  <li><b>Goal-Based Agents </b>The actions taken by agents of this kind are dictated by the objectives that have been assigned to them. Their entire aim is to accomplish that objective. If the agent is given a choice between many different options, it will choose the one that brings it one step closer to achieving its objective.</li>
 <li><b>Utilitarian Agents </b>Reaching a goal isn't always enough. To reach your destination, you must choose the quickest, safest route possible. Agents use utility-based decision-making decisions based on the utility (preferences) of various options.</li>
  <li><b>Educative Agents </b>These sorts of agents are able to gain knowledge from their previous encounters.</li>
 <li><b>Hyperparameters</b>The training process is controlled by hyperparameters. Model train performance is directly influenced by these factors, which may be changed to one's liking. They are made known in advance. Algorithm hyperparameters that have no influence on simulation results but can influence the efficiency and acquisition of skills are the other two categories of hyperparameters that may be inferred when accommodating the machine to the learning algorithm.</li>
 <li><b>Types of AI: </b>There are several types of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that are commonly categorized based on their level of complexity and autonomy. These include:
<ul>
<li><b>Reactive Machines: </b>These AI systems are designed to react to specific situations or inputs, but they do not have the ability to form memories or learn from past experiences.</li>
<li><b>Limited Memory:  </b>These AI systems have the ability to learn from past experiences, but their memory is limited and they cannot use this information to inform future decisions.</li>
<li><b>Theory of Mind: </b>These AI systems are capable of understanding and responding to the mental states of other entities, such as humans or other AI systems.</li>
<li><b>Self-Aware: </b>These AI systems can comprehend their own mental states and have a feeling of self.
</li>
<li><b>general AI or AGI (Artificial General Intelligence)</b> is a type of AI system that can understand or learn any intellectual task that a human being can.</li>
  <li><b>Narrow AI or ANI:</b> Is a type of AI that is designed to perform a specific task, like image recognition or language translation.</li>
</ul>
</li>
